fix broken link in Development readme (#12043)
knative/serving: DEVELOPMENT.md

This step includes building Knative Serving, creating and pushing developer
images, and deploying them to your Kubernetes cluster. If you're developing
locally, set `KO_DOCKER_REPO=ko.local` (or `KO_DOCKER_REPO=kind.local` respectively)

> to avoid needing to push your images to an off-machine registry.

Author: The topic of docker-on-mac is not in the docs site anymore, so removed it

```

> If you want to choose another Ingress solution, you can follow step 3 in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to choose another Ingress solution, you can follow the instructions in the
```

Author: done

> [Knative installation doc](https://knative.dev/docs/admin/install/serving/install-serving-with-yaml/)

Reviewer 2: while we're fixing this, we could actually link right to the heading here: https://knative.dev/docs/admin/install/serving/install-serving-with-yaml/#install-a-networking-layer

Author: fixed, thanks for the putting the better link
